{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10580\viewh17500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 COSC241 Assignment\
Generate a CardPileException in the following cases:\
 - If the argument to load is not a positive integer\
 - If the size of the pile is not a multiple of rowLength\
 - The string spec if not one of the eight specified\
\
Answer the following questions in a short report?\
 - Consider the count values resulting from the \'93pick up by rows\'94 specification (those beginning with an L or R). What values do they take and why?\
 - What is the maximum count value produced for any specification and any pile size of 20 or less? What pile size(s), row length(s) and specification(s) produce it? Given a pile size, row length, and specification can you think of a way of computing it\'92s count that doesn\'92t rely on actually carrying out that many transformations?\
 - There are 720 possible card piles consisting of the numbers 1 through 6 in some order. Call such a pile accessible if it can be reached from the original 123456 by some sequence of transformations. How many accessible piles are there? What about seven, eight or nine card piles? For how large a value of n do you think it might be feasible to compute the number of accessible piles (and why)?\
\
One-to-two page PDF in 12-point font\
\
Input and output\
Main method should accept input either from the command-line or stdin as follows:\
	- For command line arguments, the first two items will always be a positive integer n representing the size of the pile and a 	positive integer r representing the row length. If they are present, then the third and later items should be two-character strings 	representing specifications.\
		- If there are exactly two command line arguments, then the output should be the counts associated with each of the two 		possible specifications for that pile size and row length.\
	- If there are three or more command-line arguments, then the output should be a series of lines representing the original pile 	(as a space separated list of integers) and then the pile after each of the successive transformations is applied.\
}